Add oralb integration (#24684)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/oralb.markdown

---
title: Oral-B
description: Instructions on how to integrate Oral-B devices into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_release: 2022.11
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_codeowners:
  - '@bdraco'
ha_domain: oralb
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

Integrates [Oral-B](https://oralb.com/) devices into Home Assistant.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> The OralB integration will automatically discover devices once the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is enabled and functional.

Author: ```suggestion
The Oral-B integration will automatically discover devices once the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is enabled and functional.
```
